Adding @RouteAlias documentation (#1463)
vaadin/docs: articles/flow/routing/route.adoc

- [classname]`MyEditor` becomes `"myeditor"`
- [classname]`PersonView` becomes `"person"`
- [classname]`MainView` becomes `""`

== Creating Route Aliases

You can also use `@RouteAlias` to create aliases for routes. 
A primary route created by `@Route` is required.
It is possible to create multiple aliases for a route.

> *Example*: Creating two additional aliases for the route `"some/path"`. Navigating to `"someAlias1/path"` or `"someAlias2/path"` will result in the view located at the primary path `"some/path"`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Example*: Adding two `@RouteAlias` annotations for `HomeView`. Navigating to `"home"` or `"main"` will navigate to the same view as the main route.
```

[source,java]
----

> @Route("some/path")
> @RouteAlias("someAlias1/path")
> @RouteAlias("someAlias2/path")
> public class SomePathComponent extends Div {
>     public SomePathComponent() {

Reviewer: A better named example could be more indicative on why you would want this for instance a home view that is the default route, but which can be navigated to by using `home` or `main`
```suggestion
@Route("")
@RouteAlias("home")
@RouteAlias("main")
public class HomeView extends Div {
    public HomeView() {
```
